README.md, before:

# Lingua Mojo

**Lingua Mojo** is an AI-Enhanced Language Learning Tool built with Mojo. This project leverages advanced language models to provide personalized and interactive language learning experiences.

## Features
- Adaptive Learning Paths: Personalized lessons based on proficiency levels.
- Pronunciation Correction: Real-time feedback on pronunciation.
- Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises: Interactive exercises to improve language skills.
- Interactive Lessons: Engaging and varied lesson formats.

## About the Author
Lingua Mojo is the brainchild of Rajiv Pant, a Tech CEO, CTO, and CPO. He is also the author of Ragbot.AI, an open-source AI assistant that combines the power of large language models with Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Ragbot.AI processes user prompts along with custom instructions and curated datasets, enabling context-aware responses. Learn more about Ragbot.AI at https://github.com/rajivpant/ragbot. Rajiv's experience spans machine learning, neural networks, cognitive science, and social/behavioral science, with a background in media, publishing, and product development as CTO at The New York Times and CPO & CTO at The Wall Street Journal. Learn more about Rajiv's work at https://rajiv.com/biography

## Links
- [Personal Website](https://rajiv.com)
- [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/rajivpant)
- [Biography](https://rajiv.com/biography)

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

link to current version of requirements

README.md, after:

# Lingua Mojo

**Lingua Mojo** is an AI-Enhanced Language Learning Tool built with Mojo. This project leverages advanced language models to provide personalized and interactive language learning experiences.

## Features

- Adaptive Learning Paths: Personalized lessons based on proficiency levels.
- Pronunciation Correction: Real-time feedback on pronunciation.
- Grammar and Vocabulary Exercises: Interactive exercises to improve language skills.
- Interactive Lessons: Engaging and varied lesson formats.

Link to the [project overview and requirements for the current version](lingua_mojo_v0.1.md).

## About the Author

Lingua Mojo is the brainchild of Rajiv Pant, a Tech CEO, CTO, and CPO. He is also the author of Ragbot.AI, an open-source AI assistant that combines the power of large language models with Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG). Ragbot.AI processes user prompts along with custom instructions and curated datasets, enabling context-aware responses. Learn more about Ragbot.AI at <https://github.com/rajivpant/ragbot>. Rajiv's experience spans machine learning, neural networks, cognitive science, and social/behavioral science, with a background in media, publishing, and product development as CTO at The New York Times and CPO & CTO at The Wall Street Journal. Learn more about Rajiv's work at <https://rajiv.com/biography>

## Links

- [Personal Website](https://rajiv.com)
- [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/rajivpant)
- [Biography](https://rajiv.com/biography)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
